#summary Current and future features in CellFinder
#labels cellfinder,Featured

= Existing Features =

These are the features that are currently in CellFinder on the Android Market. The current version is 1.0.

== 1.0 ==
  * Auto Center Map - can center on midpoint, the GPS location, the network location, or can be disabled for panning around manually
  * Auto Zoom - will automatically try to fit both locations on the map at the same time
  * Distance units - configurable to be either miles, feet, or meters
  * Location refresh - configure the time between GPS updates to a value between 0 and 120 seconds
  * Satellite view - show satellite view from Google
  * Show cell data - show information about the connected cell tower (Operator name, MCC, MNC, Cell CID, Cell LAC, Signal strength in 'asu', cell tower coordinates, GPS coordinates

== 1.1 ==

Version 1.1 is not released, but the following features are checked into SVN and will be part of 1.1 when it comes out:

  * Signal strength in dBm
  * Show location with only one location source - so if no GPS signal is available, CellFinder will still show cell tower location
  * Show coordinates in other formats - DD.ddddd, DD MM.mmm, and DD MM SS.ss

= Feature Requests =

  * Other cell base station information - BCCH, BSIC, NCC, and BCC - not really sure if this is possible with the Android platform
  * Show neighboring cells - I know that the hardware has this ability, but I don't know if it's possible to get at from a userland process. The Phone app holds the only handle to the RID service that can talk directly to the GSM chipset.
  * Storing data - this is a longer term project. It would be nice if CellFinder kept a database of all cell towers it has seen and had the ability to display them on a map
  * Ensure only cell tower location is retrieved - right now, it's possible for Google to send a location that is actually a WiFi AP. This needs fixed
  * Compass-based map orientation
  * Update notification

= Possible Bugs =

  * Can't pan when zoom buttons are enabled - can this be fixed?
  * CellFinder was observed showing a cell tower location on the other side of the world, needs looked into
  * Does not show correct cell ID in 3G mode? Should be 5 digits? This needs looked into. Apparently the lowest 16 bits of the cell ID is the cell ID that T-Mobile uses internally (can't confirm this yet).